Hello everyone and welcome to the Spectrum project which is your final project for the CSA sections
of the course.
So for this project you're going to be digitally recreating your own version of the art piece known
as spectrum 5 by an artist known as Ellsworth Kelly.
And it's currently located at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City known as the Met.
Let's take a look at what that art piece actually looks like.
So it looks something like this.
And what we're going to have to do is create your own little web page that has a very similar look to
this.
Basically you'll be creating a set of table cells that have a color and you're going to mess around
with the border the margins and the padding which we learn about the box Model Ss to space those table
cells correctly so that it has some sort of appearance similar to this piece of art.
So you're going to be creating again your own smaller version for the web page using what you've learned
about the box model and you're also going to learn how to pick a color palette to use based off a few
web sites and I'm going to show you now.
Let's take a look at an example of what this project may look like and how to choose a color palette.
I'm going to jump to my browser now.
All right so here I am at my browser and I have a representation of what your final project may look
like it's going to be some sort of variation on this.
And what we have here are essentially table cells.
So here each of these little blocks is a tedious object inside of a table.
And you'll notice that we were able to use the box model to add a little bit of spacing in between them
which is what you're going to do.
And then we also noticed that we have kind of a funky font here.
So your project is going to be the following.
You're going to choose a color palette in a second I'll show you the Web site for choosing a color palette.
Then you're going to assign that color palette to some table cells on your web page and then you're
also going to choose a font either use font library or or Google fonts you're going to connect this
heading.
It can say whatever you want to your new font and you're going to connect the color palette you choose
to these table cells and use the box model to kind of shape and stretch these.
So they look similar to the spectrum of art piece.
So as far as choosing your color palette you can choose color palette at this website.
C o o l o r s Daco or coolers Daco or colors thought the pending how you want to pronounce it.
Basically it's colors of an extra o c o.
And basically this is just a color scheme generator.
If you scroll down here you'll notice that there's already tons of pre-made color schemes so you can
click on View all palettes and it will show you various palettes.
So choose any palette here that you like.
This is just on Explorer but you can click here on best way for it to refresh and it will show you the
most popular color palette that are chosen here.
So for instance this my new palette is the one I chose for this spectrum 5 piece so you just come here.
Click on the palette.
So click on View and it will generate the palette for you.
You don't need to watch the tutorial just exit here.
And here we can see the hex codes for each of these colors.
And those are the hex codes.
You're going to be using for your CSSA file.
So again you just in your age HTML file create this table cells needed to create something that looks
like this.
Again this is just a table with one row and five table cells in it.
And you also choose a font.
If Google fonts using the knowledge we learned about in C S S level 2.
So connect a font of your choice then create the table and connect it to some sort of palette by inserting
these hex codes into your C Ss.
All right.
So that's basically it.
If you have any questions feel free to post them.
That cuniform again you don't need to choose the exact same color palette or the exact same font and
your spacing and padding doesn't have to be exactly the same as mine.
Here just get a general idea of how to incorporate color palettes from that online resource fonts from
Google fonts and the box model per spacing of these table cells.
Those are the three main things I want you to get out of this project.
Choosing a font of your choice incorporating into a web site choosing a color palette being able to
grab those hex codes and incorporate it into your coloring of your site and using the box model to shape
out these table cells.
Okay.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.
We're going to cut through an example solution.
Again not every solution to this is going to look the same but just get the general idea.
I'll see you at the next lecture.